# Marketing Team Meeting 2023-01-19

## Attendees

### Present

- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Alistair Lynn
- Antoine Petty
- Hannah Sulman
- Josh Periman

### Apoliges

- Sam Martin

## Past Actions

- Antoine: Chase Brockenhurst for ex-competitor interviews - To send an email
- Sam: Put some thoughts down on the role of a buddy - Some progress made still some to do
- Sam: Write Game Design blog - This has been started
- Antoine: Business Card - Delegated to Viv
- Antoine: Email Tom Tech Day Date -Done
- James: Respond to Sophie around PR plan
- Antoine: Reach out to Diane asking about potential recurring sponsor - Done
- Antoine: Reach out to Diane about competition speaker - Done


## Topics

- Website showing scores before competition
    - Mentioned these changes in the infrastructure meeting
    - Think we should be all good
    - Peter wanted to chat about the intermediary mode
- Sponsors
    - Adventerous Machines
        - Kindly renwed their support
        - Need to check we can reuse logos
        - Also send a proposed social media post
    - When do we remove old sponsors
        - Ask the fundraising team?
- Livestream
    - Anton's sorted hardware
    - Anton's been desigining tranistions
- Branded Items
    - Stickers
        - Ready to send to printers once we have final files
    - Pens
        - We should wait to see if Aries want to put anything in
    - Business Cards
        - Viv has designed ðŸŽ‰
    - Beach flags
        - Blue background + Logo + Student Robotics
        - Need to find a supplier
- Competition
    - We announced the competitions YAY!
        - Need to advertise on social media
    - Recrutiment of Volunteers can start
        - Social posts
        - Email mailing list - This has done
        - Reach out to SRO in Discord
        - Ask SRO to reach out to RoboSoc (if they still exist)
        - Ask Joyce to send something to ECS
    - Plan the big photo
        - Blueshirt photo could be at end of Saturday after students have gone but before meal
    - Videos at competition
        - We should try and have multiple people taking photos and videos
        - We should get at least on gimbal
        - We could interview competitors
            - We can get people to put lav mics on and record audio into phones
    - We should ask Compeititors for some quotes
        - Ask simple questions to people, record answer
        - We should come up with a list of questions
    - Deadline for Competition Related Items 20th Feb
    - Tshirts
        - Design
            - Viv continuing to design these
        - We should have a finalised design for these by the 20th Feb
    - Banner
        - Would be great to reuse some of the tshirts graphics
        - Ideally blue background
    - Booklet
        - Would be great to reuse some of the tshirts graphics
        - Think we will have to use InDesign
    - Press
        - HackADay?
        - We have a list of press from last time, can reuse and add some new ones
    - Speaker
        - Reached out to Di about RPi foundation person, no response
        - We shouldn't have a sponsor do the talk
        - Could ask ECS faculty
        - Tom Scott?
    - Volunteer onboarding
        - We should work out a volunteer onboarding flow for competitors at the competition
            - Have someone wander around asking people to sign up with a tablet
            - Form to capture basic info
            - Should we have edible rewards?
                - We think so
- Onboarding
    - When we onboard people we should point them towards mentoring as a good first thing to do
    - Infrastructure have requested we send some people their way
- Blog Posts
    - Robot 101
        - Theme
            - Needs finalising
            - We WILL finish in doing
        - Sensors
            - We should flesh this out then post
        - Code
            - We should probably start on this
    - Team roll up
        - Collect teams social media posts and highlight
- Social
- SR(A)WN
    - Was sent :tada: 
    - Blog Posts
    - Web Dev
- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Media)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues)
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points

- Antoine: Reach out to Tom @ xcellorate if we haven't heard anything
- James: Ask fundraising about when sponsors should be removed
- James: Ask Di about search for speaker

