# Marketing Team Meeting 2023-02-16

## Attendees

### Present

- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek

### Apologies

- Hannah Sulman
- Antoine Petty


## Past Actions

- Antoine: Chase Brockenhurst for ex-competitor interviews - To send an email
- Sam: Put some thoughts down on the role of a buddy - Some progress made still some to do
- Sam: Write Game Design blog - This has been started
- James: Respond to Sophie around PR plan
- Antoine: Email Adventoruos Machines
- Viv: Send final sticker files
- James: Find beach flag supplier
- Mob: Send social posts asking for sign ups
- Antoine: Find print area - A3
- James: Update banner for this year
- Mob: Look at email to press
- Mob: Sign up form for new volunteers at competition

## Topics

- Sponsors
    - Adventurous Machines
        - Need to reach out about logos + social post
    - Aries / Xcellorate
        - Check with Scarzy if we need to wait for ok from Xcellorate before announcing
- Competition
    - Recruitment of Volunteers can start
        - Social posts
        - Ask Joyce to send something to ECS - Andy BS doing this
    - T-shirts
        - Unblocked now we know print area
    - Press
        - We should look at tweaking our email as we got no responses last year
    - Speaker
        - Isabel has been speaking to the UKESF about potentially working together
            - We could invite their CEO (who has expressed interest in attending the competition) to be our speaker
        - If they'd rather not, we can go back to our list
    - Volunteer onboarding
        - One volunteer to onboard, maybe next Monday
- Blog Posts
    - Robot 101
        - Sensors
            - We should flesh this out then post
        - Code
            - We should probably start on this
    - Team roll up
        - Collect teams social media posts and highlight
    - Women In STEM / 2022 Competitor interviews
        - This went live
- SR(A)WN
- Website in between virtual competition and main event
    - We have agreed changes just need to do them
- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Media)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues)
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points
Do all the things
