# Marketing Team Meeting 2023-02-09

## Attendees

### Present

- James Seden Smith
- Antoine Petty
- Karina Kwiatek
- Viv Hughes
- Will Barber
- Josh Perriman

### Apologies

- Hannah Sulman


## Past Actions

- Antoine: Chase Brockenhurst for ex-competitor interviews - To send an email
- Sam: Put some thoughts down on the role of a buddy - Some progress made still some to do
- Sam: Write Game Design blog - This has been started
- Antoine: Business Card - Done :tada: 
- James: Respond to Sophie around PR plan
- Antoine: Reach out to Tom @ [sponsor] if we haven't heard anything - We have heard now
- James: Ask fundraising about when sponsors should be removed - Done
- Mob: Shot List - Done
- Mob: Questions for competitior interviews - Done
- Mob: Social Media for Theme Blog Post - Done

## Topics

- Sponsors
    - Adventurous Machines
        - Need to reach out about logos + social post
    - Aries / Xcellorate
        - Check with Scarzy if we need to wait for ok from Xcellorate before announcing
- Branded Items
    - Stickers
        - Ready to send to printers once we have final files
    - Pens
        - We should wait to see if Aries want to put anything in
    - Business Cards
        - Design done, we need to make QR code go to links page
        - Can use Awesome Merhcandise
    - Beach flags
        - Need to find a supplier
- Competition
    - Recruitment of Volunteers can start
        - Social posts
        - Email mailing list - This has done
        - Reach out to SRO in Discord - This has been done
        - Have been poking volunteers directly to ask them to sign up
        - Ask Joyce to send something to ECS - Andy BS doing this
    - Videos at competition
        - We have a list of shots we want
        - Need to make sure we have volunteers assigned for this
    - We should ask Compeititors for some quotes
        - We need to make sure we ask these questions
    - T-shirts
        - In progress
        - We've asked what the print area on the back of the shirts is
    - Banner
        - We'll update last years banner and make fancier if we have time
    - Booklet
        - Some content updated, will continue to update and make fancy if time
    - Press
        - We should look at tweaking our email as we got no responses last year
    - Speaker
        - Di has not found anyone at RPi foundation so we need to find someone
        - Tom Scott
        - Matt Gray
        - Robert Llewyn
        - Dara O'Brien
        - Richard Hammond
        - Son (Uni Soton Professor)
    - Volunteer onboarding
        - We should work out a volunteer onboarding flow for competitors at the competition
            - Need to make a simple form
- Blog Posts
    - Robot 101
        - Sensors
            - We should flesh this out then post
        - Code
            - We should probably start on this
    - Team roll up
        - Collect teams social media posts and highlight
    - 2022 Competitor interviews
        - This can go live on Saturday
- SR(A)WN
    - Blog Posts
    - Web Dev
- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Media)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues)
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points
- Antoine: Email Adventoruos Machines
- Viv: Send final sticker files
- James: Find beach flag supplier
- Mob: Send social posts asking for sign ups
- Antoine: Find print area
- James: Update banner for this year
- Mob: Look at email to press
- Mob: Sign up form for new volunteers at competition
