# Marketing Team Meeting 2022-09-15

Calendar: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=c_inc7l6lhhui8mv3fc19jl8l5q4%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=Europe%2FLondon

## Attendees

### Present

- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Antoine Petty
- Dan Trickey
- Sam Martin
- Will Barber
- Josh Perriman

## Previous Actions

- James: Move old minutes here ([#26](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/26)) - To do
- Antoine: Make a Google Form for collection of destination data ([#30](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/30)) - This has been started
- Antoine: Chase Brockenhurst for ex-competitor interviews - To do
- James: Post in #general asking for a Buddy system people - Raised in All commitee meeting, we have sign ups
- James: Arrange time with Sam to knowledge transfer SR(A)WN sending - Done
- Mob: Social Media post for signup form - Done
- James: Ensure links for volunteers page is created - Created GitHub Issue
- Sam: Organise a social - Done
- James: Make announcement blog post more accessible to newcomers - Done


## Topics

- Announce new kit upgrades
  - We have new kit!
  - Kit Team would like a blog post around this
    - Thank IET/IMechE
    - Explain using Raspberry Pi
    - Overview of KCH
      - Powers Pi + Output LEDs (boot progress, 3 programmable RGB, status LED for running, finished, crashed)
    - Brain board plugs into a different port now
      - Used to be 5V now L2 12V port
    - Web Interface incoming!
    - Ideally a couple of days before kickstart
    - Social media posts aswell!
- New video on kit assembly
  - We currently have an old video with a young Mr Lynn assembling the kits
    - Has old branding, echos, etc.
    - Also odroid gone now
  - Kit Team would like some help with this
  - Think we should two people in the video
    - Oana is up for it, need to find another
  - Find a time to film, maybe as part of (or just before) a volunteer training day prior to kickstart
  - 8th October could be ideal for this, likely at Southampton University
  - Mixture of top down / host style shots
  - TikTok quick kit assembly!
- We need to create a budget for SR2023
  - Deadline end of September
  - We should ask for what we want and trustees will let us know if we have to scale back our expectations
  - Last year spending
    - Tshirts
    - Competition Booklet
    - Banner
  - What else could we spend on?
    - Branded items
      - Pens
      - Stickers
      - Clipboards?
      - Tableclothes
      - Travel Mugs?
    - Online Ads
    - Leaflets/Flyers
    - Mics (lapel/handheld)
    - Volunteer Socials
    - Big Stickers (Branding on arena? Paint back of walls?)
    - Pull up banners
    - Beach Flags
    - Bags
- Onboarding welcome
  - When we get new volunteers would be nice to send them a welcome pack
  - Tshirt, note, pen? make them feel part of SR
  - Would need to work out how to ship to people
  - Would also need to get the volunteer's address
  - Which Tshirts should we ship (old sponsors? unbranded?)
    - Think fine to ship old sponsor shirts as they will get new tshirt at the competition
- Buddy system
  - Well received at All committees meeting
  - We have a few people signed up to be buddies
  - We should document what a buddy is expected to do
  - Do we need a form for buddies?
    - Currently asked for buddies to respond to a slack message
    - Form would be easier for getting new buddies (vs scrollling back through slack)
    - Unless we just regularly put out a call for buddies (or a call when needed)
    - Somewhere central for who is a buddy. We can make a spreadsheet
  - Next signup we should use this!
- Announce SR is happening to volunteers
  - Nothing been sent to mailing list this year
  - We should announce that the competition is happening and planning is starting
- Blog Posts
  - Dan has some posts near completion 🎉
    - Around kit stuff likely to appear post kickstart at this point
  - 101 Series
    - We should advertise more widely to see if we can spread the load
- Safeguarding
  - We said it'd be great if there was a way for us to know if we needed to chase new volunteers to read safeguarding but didn't action anything
  - We should action someone to speak to Scarzy about how we can do this
    - Can committees see a spreadsheet so they can chase their team's volunteers?
- Social Media Posts
  - Kit Packing
- SR(A)WN
  - When posted in slack unfurl is a little odd
    - Jake is working on a stripped down RSS feed that will be consumed better in slack
    - Can make this simple version do what we want
  - Do we send to all volunteer mailing list?
    - Would be one email every two weeks containing news and goings on of the organisation
    - We should only send if there's enough content or content is time sensitive
    - Add a recurring agenda item to Marketing Team Minutes to check if SRAWN is good to go
  - SRAWN doesn't really have enough to send yet

## Action Points
Antoine: Respond to onboarding email
James: Ask Dan for glamour shot of Pi + KCH
James: Ask SRO to book that lecture room by cupboards for whole of 8th October
James: SRAWN announce for training day
Committeee: Create budget
James: Ask Jake when next at container to pick up tshirts
Sam: Make a buddy spreadsheet for tracking
Sam: Put some thoughts down on the role of a buddy
James: Write announcement email to the volunteers mailchimp mailing list
Antoine: Ask Scarzy about central safeguarding spreadsheet for committees
Mob: Kit Packing Post - Done
Karina: Coordinate announcement of volunteer training day