# Marketing Team Meeting 2022-03-03

## Attendees

### Present

- Antoine Petty
- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Sam Martin

## Previous Actions

- James: Final check of the annual report then send to Trustees for comment. - Sent. Trustees have responded with comments to action
- James: Email David Massey to ask for headshot. - Emailed no response, will chase
- Antoine: Arrange a doing - A doing was done
- James: Move old minutes here ([#26](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/26)) - To do
- Antoine: Read IET marketing guide and make render to send them via Scarzy ([#29](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/29)) - We have sent a mockup for approval but not heard back
- Antoine: Make a Google Form for collection of destination data ([#30](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/30)) - This has been started
- Antoine: Find Banner Supplier - To be progressed
- James: Find time taken for Tshirts to be printed - ~A week for Smallpeice, hopefully similar for us

## Topics

- ITDev reply to email about them posting about SR
 - ITDev asked for information to post about us on their social media.
 - In the end it looks like they copied info from our website
 - We should have this prepared for the future 
- Annual Report
 - Trustees have seen and responded with comments.
 - Need to action these ASAP
 - Not sure on actual deadline but it's soon™
- Website
 - We should add tiktok to list of social media at bottom of website
 - Social media list page on website?
  - Probably not a page, we should focus instead on growing an audience on each individual platform
- Social
 - Decide date and time.
 - Sun 13th March looks good. 7:30/8:00 ish start
 - Need to post in Slack + in SR(A)WN
- Respond to team email from Serbia
 - Team from Serbia emailed interested in potentially taking part
 - Jenny looks like she may have started working on a response?
 - She hasn't started this, we said we'd take it.
- Competition Prep
 - Ordering of banner
  - Antoine to look for supplier
  - Need a supplier so we know what format they want the design in
  - Have all logos needed for the banner
 - Ordering of lanyards
  - No decision on branded vs plain lanyards
  - Competition Team looks to have a very small budget line for Wristbands which is now for lanyards.
  - Given the expense of lanyards we need more money or to go back to a wristband approach.
  - We should find costing for 250 plain lanyards + 250 branded lanyards so we can say how much money we need if we do want lanyards
- Sponsor Friendly Mentions
 - ITDev and Adventorous Machines are done
 - Systemetric to be done but waiting on content from David
- Governance Page
 - Waiting on David otherwise good to go
- Blog Posts
 - Jenny may be doing one to do one on the pitfalls of computer vision
 - Dan is doing one on how Vision works
 - Send out Diane's Meet The Team
  - Need a photo?
   - Maybe just find one from SR backlog
- We have a where are they now for a BPV competitor
 - We should get a photo and prepare to 🚢
- Social Media
 - Sam has stuff about instagram stories.
  - We should do them
  - You can add links which makes them very useful
  - More manual to do stories
  - Background picture people or robots
 - Scheduling of social media posts:
   - Stagger the post time across different platforms to increase visibility and post at times optimal for each platform.
   - Meta business suite suggests optimal times for Facebook and Instagram.
   - For non announcements we should probably stagger
 - Month to go tweet should be scheduled
- SR(A)WN
 - Volunteer signup
 - Virtual tech day reminder to volunteers
 - Social date
 - Send this evening


## Action Points

- James - Chase David for photo
- Antoine - Email Serbia
- Mob - Schedule Month to Go social post
- James - Send SR(A)WN
- James - Annual Report looking at