# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2022-01-06

## Attendees

### Present

- Antoine Petty
- Karina Kwiatek
- James Seden Smith

## Previous Actions

- James: Email Trustees about Terms of Reference - Emailed no response, can gently prod in all teams meeting next week.
- James: Gently chase Where are they now? Blog posts - Will contiue to do so
- James: Move old minutes here ([#26](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/26)) - To do
- Antoine: Read IET marketing guide and make render to send them via Scarzy ([#29](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/29)) - Read guidance, need logo to create suitable render for approval.
- Antoine: Make a Google Form for collection of destination data ([#30](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/30)) - To do
- James: Email Adventurous Machines about sponsored post ([#31](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/31)) - Held of over holiday period but will send
- James: Add SR jargon to the glossary ([#32](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/32)) - Started this but low priority


## Topics

 - Annual Report
   - Trustees have asked us to put together the Chairties Annnual Report for submission to the Charities Commision. Deadline for us is end of Feb
   - They have included what we sent last year
   - This is a short report to cover the year to July 2021
 - Blogs
    - Isabel sent over answers for a Where are they now? post from one of her ex competitors
      - No picture of competitor but maybe we could post without?
      - We will send an email asking for a picture but will publish next week without one if its not there yet
    - Technical Blog Posts
      - Have asked Kit Team if they'd be up for writing something, they've indicated they would
      - Have offered them help ghost-writing/editing if they would like it :)
      - Jake also started a couple of posts about livestream stuff. Previously indicated he may get some time over christmas to take a look.
    - STEM-y blog posts
      - We could try for some more generic STEM posts that may be more shareable/cross domain useful
 - Sponsor Benefits
    - Social Media Posts
        - Adventurous Machines, Hills Road, IET and ITDev all qualify for a sponsored tweet
        - Email drafted for Adventurous Machines
        - Can likely reuse that email for ITDev and Hills Road
        - IET may need a different approach?
        - We should send them an email anyway and see what they come back with
            - We may just write something thanking them if they don't want anything specific mentioned
    - T-Shirts
      - We should probably start designing this
      - Can add logos as new sponsors appear if needed
 - Website Issues
   - A few small improvements to be made
   - Just needs someone with time to sit down and do
 - Social Media
   - We have a tech day post we need to make
   - Created a few Posts for STEM "holidays"
 

## Action Points
 - James: Make a Google Doc for the 2021 Charity Annual Report based of last one
 - Antoine: Let trustees know we are working on the annual report
 - Antoine: Schedule the Tech Day social media post
 