# Marketing Team Meeting 2022-03-10

## Attendees

### Present

- Antoine Petty
- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Sam Martin

## Previous Actions

- James - Chase David for photo - Sent followup email
- Antoine - Email Serbia - Sent
- James - Send SR(A)WN - Sent
- James - Annual Report looking at trustees comments - Looked at and acted upon comments to send to trustees again as second draft
- James: Move old minutes here ([#26](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/26)) - To do
- Antoine: Make a Google Form for collection of destination data ([#30](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/30)) - This has been started
- Antoine: Find Banner Supplier - Sam found one and added it to the issue 🎉

## Topics

- Marketing Team Google Group
 - We now have marketing-team@studentrobotics.org
- Do we need someone dedicated to writing social media posts during the competition?
 - If so does this need capturing in the volunteer schedule
 - We think that a roaming photographer/social media role should exist and be assigned to people
- Photos at competition
 - Made a list of things we want photographed at event
 - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jh0P7xFNzFrPk0f1NFH0AkTXc8l-2CEcj1KlV8-ZFtA/edit
- Publish meet the team - Diane. Also schedule social media posts to do with this.
 - Need to ask Di for a photo
- Ensure everyone in the team is familiar with safeguarding
 - Asked all members of the team to read and respond to Safeguarding Lead
 - Majority already have
- Onboarding
 - Some signups
  - We have 2 new sign ups since mid Feb
  - Antoine to reach out with standard welcome 
 - Buddy system
  - We talked about this in the past and think it is a good idea
  - How do we find experienced buddies?
    - We should ask people if they want to be one
 - Social media for competition recruitment
  - Competition Team have asked us to try and recruit some people for the competition
  - We should write some social media posts to send over the next few weeks
 - Code of conduct as part of onboarding process
  - We should show ops manual in onboarding calls briefly as well as give link and tell to read in full detail
  - We need to get them to email Safeguarding Lead (safeguarding@)
 - Actively recruit at the competition
  - We could recruit competitors as future volunteers at the event
  - Would have to be for when they turn 18 but could collect contact details before hand and then reach out?
  - What does this look like?
   - Someone going round with form?
   - QR Code in booklet?
   - Post Finals presentation?
   - Maybe all of the above
   - We'd need to collect Name, Email Address and Date Of Birth.
    - Once they reach 18, we'd then reach out to see if they are still interested
- Press
 - We should invite press to the competion
 - We have srobo/tasks #877 to track this with an email and a list of organisations from 2020
 - We should check the email and then reach out to these organisations
 - We can send from pr@ to external organisations
- Brand Colour
 - Our brand blue is not within contrast accesibilty guideline when on the offwhite panels on the website.
 - Have created an issue to try and resolve in future

## Action Points
- Mob - Look at Press email
- Mob - Schedule Month to Go Social post
- James - Ask Di for a photo for meet the team
- Antoine - Reach out to the 2 new sign-ups with standard welcome
- Antoine - To ask people in #volunteering if they'd be interested in being a buddy to a new volunteer
