# Marketing Team Meeting 2022-02-03

## Attendees

### Present

- Antoine Petty
- James Seden Smith
- Sam Martin
- Karina Kwiatek

## Previous Actions

- James: Move old minutes here ([#26](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/26)) - To do
- Antoine: Read IET marketing guide and make render to send them via Scarzy ([#29](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/29)) - Waiting on SVG from fundraising team
- Antoine: Make a Google Form for collection of destination data ([#30](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/30)) - This has been started
- Antoine: Find Banner Supplier - To be progressed
- James: Find time taken for Tshirts to be printed - To be progressed

## Topics

- Annual report
  - First drafty is pretty much done
  - Diane has added treasures statement
    - Need to check her mention of teams is meant to be in the document. Think it may not be as wrong year?
- Competition Prep
  - Fundrasing team have decreed that any new sponsors will be for the next competition cycle. This means we can now start designing and ordering items that have sponsor logos on them.
  - T-shirts
    - We need a design for the T-shirts
    - We need to find out how long it will take to print the T-shirts
    - We need to find out how much it will cost to print the T-shirts
    - We need to get the size and numbers of tshirts for volunteers
    - Found last competition's designs in promotional-materials repo. Can be used as base
  - Banners
    - Found last competition's design in promotional-materials repo. Can be used as base
  - Booklets
    - Need creating
    - Think a doing would be good for this, mob on a shared doc.
  - Lanyards
    - Media consent this year will be handled with lanyards
    - Branded lanyards could be nice
      - We need three colours. Red (No Media Consent), Yellow (Media Consent, Non Volunteer), Blue(Media Consent, Volunteer)
      - We should find prices and check with competition what the budget is for this. (May need to be plain lanyards 😭)
    - We'll need inserts and insert holders for the lanyards
      - Inserts for competitor can have blank line they could sharpie name/pronouns if they want
      - Volunteers may have lanyards or name badges depending on outcome of https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/750
  - Let's arrange a doing to tackle some of these
- Sponsor friendly mentions on social media
  - Got a response from Adventurous Machines, they are happy with our proposed post. Need to confirm time of posting (day of week, morning/afternoon/evening) and ask if specific images they want attached?
  - We need to reach out to the other sponsors with this perk
    - Do we have contact emails for these sponsors?
- Governance
  - Need to find a picture of David Massey we can use (copyright wise)
  - Other than that, good to go.
- Onboarding
  - Have a couple of new signups, to reach out and welcome them.
- Social Media Posts
  - Need to schedule some posts!
- Blog Posts
  - Techincal Blog Posts
    - Web UI being created for the kit. Kit Team interested in writing an article on how this will work.
  - Holly's blog post pushed live

- SRAWN
 - Send out SRAWN today

## Action Points

- James: Final check of the annual report then send to Trustees for comment.
- James: Email David Massey to ask for headshot.
- Antoine: Arrange a doing
