# Marketing Team Meeting 2021-09-30

### Present

- Antoine Petty
- James Seden Smith

## Topics

- Website Redesign
  - Homepage
    - Its live 🎉🎉🎉
    - Site did go down after initial deploy of new code, though that was unrelated to PR and due to Patience VM being taken offline
      - The Infrastructure Team is aware of this and are discussing potential ways of stopping this in the future.
    - We should add some more testimonials to the homepage
  - Teams page
    - Antoine has a PR open which copies content from old home page and tweaks nav menu
      - We should update the footers as well as the nav items across these repos
    - How could we make this more useful to teams?
      - Maybe add a FAQ section
  - Volunteer page
    - Next page for us to look at
    - We should try and spruce it up a bit
    - PR open to add some volunteer testimonials we should get this merged
- Volunteer Recruitment
  - Five signed up for Slack via volunteer email
  - Need new email template
  - Need to reply to responses
  - Mailchimp Access
    - Andy B-S may be able to hand his account over to us?
- Blog posts
  - Becky has answered Where are they Now questions.
    - Just need to turn in post
  - Should start reaching out to people to ask for Meet to Team style interviews
  - Kit Team have expressed interest in doing some technical ones, will work with them to make this happen
- Social Media
  - Few posts in backlog
  - Most blocked either on volunteer recruitment setup or announcements from Comp team (sign up open etc.)
  - Do we want to advertise sign ups on social media? May not have places for all teams
    - Discuss at next comp team meeting
  - Maybe more filler posts in mean time?
- Analytics
  - We have analytics! Thanks to Jake and Plausible for their help on this
  - We should make sure to always use UTM params in any links we share on social media or in emails to help track the success of our outreach
  - We should keep an eye on the stats we gather and act on them as necessary
- Radio Advert
  - Charitable Radio have accepted our text and will advertise us at some point in the future
  - They will at us on social media the day they will be playing our ad.
  - We should keep an eye out so we can shout about it when it happens
- Sponsored Content
  - We got an email asking if we would accept sponsored content on our website
  - We think its unlikely that we would want people to pay us to post their content on our site, though we may be open to partnerships where we have editorial control of sponsored posts.
    - Think for now these will be on a case by case basis
    - Any content posted on our site should be relevant to our audiences and align with our charity values.

## Action Points

- James - Create Where Are they Now website post
- James/Antoine - Discuss social media promotion of sign up at comp team meeting
- Antoine - Respond to new US volunteer to continue conversation around volunteering
- Antoine - Chat to Andy B-S about potentially using his MailChimp account
- James - Take a look at refreshing the volunteer page

## Review outstanding actions / urgent issues

None

## SR(A)WN Content

None

## _AOB_ (Any Other Business)

None

## Post-meeting_Doing_
