# Marketing Team Meeting 2021-12-16

## Attendees

### Present

- Antoine Petty
- James Seden Smith

## Previous Actions
- James: Move old minutes here ([#26](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/26)) - To be done still
- Antoine: Remove teams dashboard, replace with docs button ([#27](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/27)) - PR Open, close to merge
- James: Look at surfacing the latest event and blog post more prominently on the hompeage ([#28](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/28)) - Done
- Antoine: Read IET marketing guide and make render to send them via Scarzy ([#29](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/29)) - Still to be done
- Antoine: Make a Google Form for collection of destination data ([#30](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/30)) - Still to be done
- James: Email Adventurous Machines about sponsored post ([#31](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/31)) - Wanted to chat about
- James: Add SR jargon to the glossary ([#32](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/32)) - Started this but low priority

## Topics

 - Terms of reference in Ops Manual
    - Should attracting new Sponsors also be one of our goals (alongside teams and volunteers)?
    - Team relationship management
        - We're not really sure what this means
        - We thought the competition team would be responsible for communications around the competition to teams?
    - "The committee will provide support and guidance to team members to allow them to be as effective as possible in delivering the infrastructure services"
        - Not sure this should be infrastucture services?
    - Does marketing being an event team make sense?
        - Think we want Social Media, recruitment of teams and volunteers and website content all year round
    - Roles Responsibilities
        - Maybe add "Promotional Materials (t-shirts, banners, booklets etc.)" to make it clear we need to budget for those not the competition team?
    - Budget section reads a little oddly?
    - James to email these points to the Trustees
 - Sponsored Social Media Posts
    - How do we pitch this?
        - We should ask if they want to write the post or if we should and around what topic they want it to be
 - Social Media Posts
    - We have added some social media posts to the backlog
 - Blog Posts
    - Meet the Team
        - Peter has responded with his answers which is fantastic!
            - James to take a look and suggest some minor tweaks and ammendmants to adjust for length/audience
            - Should ask if he has a photo he would be happy to use
        - Diane has agreed to be interviewed, sent questions and awaiting response (though she is very busy)
    - Where are they now?
        - We should gently chase people who said they were happy to answer to see if are still willing
    - Technical Posts
        - Tech behind the livestream
            - Has a lot of stuff just looks like it needs fleshing out, we should reach out to Jake and see if we can help ghost write this
        - Virtual Competition: From Start to Finish
            - Needs a lot of fleshing out, we should ask if we can help with this
        - Have reached out to Jake about these posts
        - Kit team seem very busy
            - Lets hold of asking them for tehnical posts until at least the new year

## Action Points

- James: Email Trustees about Terms of Reference
- James: Gently chase Where are they now? Blog posts
